Assumptions:
1. All of the tracks are one-way.
2. All of the tracks are distinct
3. A given route will never appear more than once
4. The starting and ending town will not be the same town.




Input:  A directed graph where a node represents a town and an edge represents a route between two towns.  The weighting of the edge represents the distance between the two towns.  A given route will never appear more than once, and for a given route, the starting and ending town will not be the same town.
 
Output: For test input 1 through 5, if no such route exists, output 'NO SUCH ROUTE'.  Otherwise, follow the route as given; do not make any extra stops!  For example, the first problem means to start at city A, then travel directly to city B (a distance of 5), then directly to city C (a distance of 4).
1.	The distance of the route A-B-C.
2.	The distance of the route A-D.
3.	The distance of the route A-D-C.
4.	The distance of the route A-E-B-C-D.
5.	The distance of the route A-E-D.
6.	The number of trips starting at C and ending at C with a maximum of 3 stops.  In the sample data below, there are two such trips: C-D-C (2 stops). and C-E-B-C (3 stops).
7.	The number of trips starting at A and ending at C with exactly 4 stops.  In the sample data below, there are three such trips: A to C (via B,C,D); A to C (via D,C,D); and A to C (via D,E,B).
8.	The length of the shortest route (in terms of distance to travel) from A to C.
9.	The length of the shortest route (in terms of distance to travel) from B to B.
10.	The number of different routes from C to C with a distance of less than 30.  In the sample data, the trips are: CDC, CEBC, CEBCDC, CDCEBC, CDEBC, CEBCEBC, CEBCEBCEBC.



Test Input:
For the test input, the towns are named using the first few letters of the alphabet from A to E.  A route between two towns (A to B) with a distance of 5 is represented as AB5.
Graph: AB5, BC4, CD8, DC8, DE6, AD5, CE2, EB3, AE7
Expected Output:
Output #1: 9
Output #2: 5
Output #3: 13
Output #4: 22
Output #5: NO SUCH ROUTE
Output #6: 2
Output #7: 3
Output #8: 9
Output #9: 9
Output #10: 7
